It turned out to be a real East China Sea leaf spirit pig.
Pretend to hold on to the tens of millions of Donghai Yelingzhu.
Old man, this is such a good thing.
Chef boss, don’t look away.
There is no way this piece of trash can come up with tens of millions.
Do you doubt my vision?
I don't dare, it's just that this broken pig can't be so valuable.
You do. The leaf spirit pig of the East China Sea calls for protection,
Mention rare. Don’t say tens of millions,
Even 30 million is not too much.
Wait, wait. explain,
Bought. It was given by someone else.
And before I walked around, I took my pulse,
Go look at that little bell
I paid three cents. It’s too imaginary.
I won I told you
I'm looking for this to go to democracy and it's still the same
I will give you a choice right now
Did you hear that? You really have a good eye.
This East China Sea night nation
It’s best to sell hepai ​​at home
Washing rack. Let’s write it alone.
When will you, President Qiu, become a general director?
It’s indeed popular.
Since it belongs to Wealth Bank
It's exactly what stupid people sell it.
Since it is the treasure of Wealth Bank
Why haven't we reached this moment?